Privacy Policy
The Prices of Precious Metals application (further mentioned as “the app” or “this app”) is a Free application. This app is provided by at no cost and is intended for use as is.
This page is used to inform users regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use the app.
If you choose to use the app, then you are informed that the app does not collect or use any personal information in relation to this policy. 
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at Prices of Precious Metals unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
# Information Collection and Use
While using the app, no one require you to provide with certain personally identifiable information. 
Log Data
I want to inform you that whenever you use the app, in a case of an error in the app data and information (through third party products) called Log Data are not collected on your phone. 
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.
This app does not use these “cookies” explicitly. 
Service Providers
I want to inform users of this app that any third parties have no access to your Personal Information. 
Security
I value your trust in providing your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and I cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
This app does not contain links to other sites. You will never be directed to any third-party site. 
Children’s Privacy
This app does not address anyone under the age of 13. I do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13 years of age. 
Changes to This Privacy Policy
I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
This policy is effective as of 2021-08-31
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact me at a.balakhmet@gmail.com. 

